Added a DeepXDE tutorial (#65)
pescap/EasyHPC: docs/source/deepxde.rst

To do. Explain the theory for inverse problems, and add references.

Installation 
============

**Requirements**

> To run **DeepXDE** in your local machine or in a computer cluster is necessary install **TensorFlow** as a backend library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run **DeepXDE** on your local machine or a cluster, you need to install at least one backend (for example, TensorFlow).
```

> In order to do that, first you need to install **TensorFlow** using the command line: ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install **TensorFlow** using the command line: ::
```

> $ pip install TensorFlow  #Using pip as a installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ pip install tensorflow  #Using pip as a installer
```

> $ conda install TensorFlow #Using conda as a installer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ conda install tensorflow #Using conda as a installer
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using GPUs, you can install ``tensorflow-gpu`` rather than ``tensorflow``.
```

The next step is to **install the DeepXDE library** with one of these commands: ::

> $ pip install deepxde #Using pip as installer

Reviewer: Check exactly which other libraries have to be installed (tensorflow probability or something maybe).

Author: Got it

$ conda install deepxde #Using conda as installer

Once TensorFlow and DeepXDE were installed, you can check if the installation was successful running a IPython or Jupyter session and importing the library on it.

**How to run DeepXDE examples**

The first step is to clone the library repository in your computer cluster using git: ::

$ git clone https://github.com/lululxvi/deepxde.git

Second step, change Python PATH to the library directory: ::

$ export PYTHONPATH=$PYTHONPATH:/root/shared/deepxde

> One time the repository was clone and the PATH was updated, you are ready to run some library examples that are located in the examples directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the repository is cloned and the PATH is updated, you are ready to run some library examples, located in the ``examples`` directory.
```
